book: Rephrase target installation (#1809)
rust-osdev/uefi-rs: book/src/tutorial/building.md

## Toolchain

In order to compile for UEFI, an appropriate target must be installed. Unless

> your operating system provides up to date packages, the easiest way to set this

Reviewer: I think this should be rephrased since the important point isn't really whether the packages are up-to-date, it's whether the UEFI targets are packaged at all. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
your operating system provides packages for the Rust UEFI targets, the easiest way to set this
```
